ETC Course: 16. What Is WETC? (#1148)
ethereumclassic/ethereumclassic.github.io: content/blog/2023-04-06-ethereum-classic-course-16-what-is-wetc/index.md

To avoid this complexity, a cool way to solve the problem was to create an ERC-20 smart contract that would transform $ETC into $WETC.

## ETC in an ERC-20 Smart Contract Is WETC

![Create or redeem WETC.](./3.png)

Wrapped ETC or WETC, which goes by the symbol $WETC in the market, is an ERC-20 token that is convertible into ETC and vice versa.

To create new $WETC users need to send $ETC into a smart contract and the smart contract will return $WETC to their account.

For example, if a user sends 100 $ETC to the Wrapped ETC smart contract, then it will return 100 $WETC to the user’s account.

Whenever users wish to transform their $WETC back into $ETC, they can send their $WETC to the smart contract and it will return $ETC to their account.

For example, if a user sends 100 $WETC to the Wrapped ETC smart contract, then it will return 100 $ETC to the user’s account.

## WETC Works With All Dapps That Support The ERC-20 Standard

![WETC and dapps.](./4.png)

> As so many dapps support the ERC-20 smart contract standard, then WETC has become a convenient way to keep some money to use them.

Reviewer: Line 63: Rewrite for clarity
```suggestion
With the majority of dapps on the ETC network supporting the ERC-20 token standard, WETC has since become a convenient way to use and interact with them.
```

This is especially true for swap decentralized exchanges where users may trade $WETC for many other kinds of ERC-20 tokens.

> In the future many external assets, such as stocks, bonds, mutuals funds, ETFs, derivatives, and futures contracts will be represented as ERC-20 tokens inside blockchains and will be traded in decentralized swap exchanges.

Reviewer: Line 67: Correct comma placement; Correct plural
```suggestion
In the future, many external assets such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, ETFs, derivatives, and futures contracts will be represented as ERC-20 tokens inside blockchains and will be traded in decentralized swap exchanges.
```

## WETC May Exist in Several Blockchains

![WETC in several blockchains.](./5.png)

As ERC-20 tokens may represent assets outside blockchains, then even coins from other blockchains may be represented as ERC-20 tokens.

For example, WETC may exist inside Ethereum Classic to use with dapps, but also inside Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, and many other smart contracts blockchains.

This facilitates what is called blockchain interoperability.

> However, for now the technology that is called “bridges” which does these connections, is not as secure as the blockchain environment, so it is always safer to return back any wrapped tokens to their original chains whenever possible.

Reviewer: Line 79: Rewrite for clarity; Correct awkward wording
```suggestion
For now, the technology that handles the connections between different blockchain networks, known as "bridges", is not as secure as the blockchain environments they connect, Therefore, it is safer to return wrapped tokens to their original chains whenever possible.
```
